User login info: 
username: user 
password: user

Company login info:
username: user2
password: user2

Admin login info:
username: admin
password: admin

Main page: 
All of the jobs are to be listed on the main page. There is an option to search for keywords and locations which will only display the jobs that fit the search criteria. On the left-hand side there are additional features to 
filter the job postings. There is a button that says "go somewhere" that currently doesn't link anywhere but will eventually link to the company website to apply for the job directly on their website. At the top there is a sign-up button that 
opens a menu to sign up for an account. This will use the server to create users but currently just checks to make sure that the passwords match and gives a success message if they do match and an error message if they don't.
The login button will direct to the correct user page if the credentials are correct.

Admin page:
The admin has the ability to delete/view users, companies and posts. There may be additional functionality for admins to create and edit posts, users and companies later on, although since this is not a required feature for the admin, it 
was left out of phase one. Currently, the delete function deletes them from the list but will require the server to actually save any of these changes. Deleting a company does not currently delete their posts, but this will be added later on.

User page:
The user profile has all of the information about a user including contact info, and also displays the users resume both on the page and by a button. The button redirects to the pdf of the resume and all of the social links redirect
appropriately. Currently, there is no ability to upload a resume or profile picture as that requires the server to store the information. The resume on the page is not currently editable due to time constraints, but this functionality 
will be added for phase 2. There is a logout button that logs the user out, and also a search for jobs page that returns to the main page but also logs the user out as currently there is no way to track if a user is logged in across pages. 
There is an edit button by the user profile which allows the user to edit all of their about information, some of which is required and some of which is not. If a social link is not added, then the button will disappear when the user 
saves the changes.

Company page:
The company page is similar to the user the page although instead of a resume they have their specific job posts listed on the page. The company has the ability to delete their posts directly from their page. They also have an
edit button that works similarly to the user that allows them to edit their company information. At the top of the page there is a button to create a job posting which allows the company to put in all of the required information and 
then publish the post, which then adds it to their page. Eventually it will be passed to the server which will allow the job post to show up on the main page as well. There will be an additional feature added later to allow a company
to edit their postings instead of having to delete them and create a new post to replace it, although due to time constraints this was not added for phase 1.
